Chinmay Chandak
Results-driven Full-Stack and Web3 Developer with over 4 years of
experience specializing in building scalable, high-performance
backends and networks, with a strong focus on optimization and
eﬃciency.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Blockend & Zelta – Backend and Web3 (Dec 2022 – Present)
Part of the founding team of Blockend, a web3 native intent solver
protocol and action model.
Engineered the backend architecture for Blockend’s intent-solving
protocol, supporting high-throughput cross-chain transactions with
fault-tolerant failover paths.
Led backend engineering efforts, mentoring a team, defining technical
strategy, and aligning backend performance with product vision.
Conceptualized an intent auction and execution engine that simplified
multi-chain swaps into one-click user actions, reducing transaction
complexity by 60%
Worked on designing and building Zelta, a global centralized crypto
currency exchange.
Built an automated testing framework for testing end to end user stories,
helping in better integration for ci/cd pipeline and completely eliminated
manual testing efforts.

Swiggy – SDET (April 2022 – Nov 2022)
Responsible for finding innovative ways to optimize the test strategy.
Worked on new capabilities and features for the automation framework.
Managing and maintaining test coverage through periodic reports to all
stakeholders.

TCS – Systems Engineer (Nov 2020 – April 2022)
Worked as Java developer in a dynamic team for a US based online travel
agency.
Developed projects by incorporating business requirements into
cost-effective, secure, reliable and maintainable solutions.
Built scalable and durable microservices handling millions of events per
day.

OTHER PROJECTS
backgommon – Open-source Go library for backtesting and simulating
trading strategies
Designed for speed and flexibility, suitable for both single and multi-asset
portfolio based testing
Includes advanced features like Monte Carlo simulations and risk
analysis
Coupled with clear and simple charting feature made in pure JS for
detailed trade analysis


Grids-css – A Minimalist, unopinionated boilerplate for a responsive
12-column grid system
●
Under 100 lines of code, offering flexible, percentage-based layouts
●
Simple, clear class naming inspired by Materialize for easy integration
●
Easily customizable for different screen sizes and responsive design


SKILLS
Languages & DBs:
Java, JS & TS, Golang, Solidity,
MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL,
Redis

Tools & Frameworks:
Kafka, Nginx, Kong, ProtoBuf,
Ethereum (EVM), Express.js,
Spring & Spring Boot, Fiber,
Solid.js, React, UIKit, Bootstrap,
ElectronJS, Unity, Unreal

Platforms:
Git & various git platforms, JIRA,
Vercel, Digital Ocean, Firebase,
AWS, docker


OTHER ACTIVITIES
FOSSGST – FOSS community at
SIES GST
Created a community of FOSS
enthusiasts and organized
workshops and community
building programs.

SIES GST’s Developer
Program (GDP)
Conducted weekly training
workshops for college
students in the domain of web
and game development.


INTERESTS
Game development and gaming,
web and decentralized networks,
traveling, music, low level tech
